hi guys on the other day i did a video
on the sephora hot used bonzers I like
them a lot today I want to do a video on
another bronzer it is the Edwards s
ultra luminous bronzer you can pick
these up at sephora the Edward best
website I got mine at strawberrynet it's
an online website they carry a lot of
you know cosmetics and stuff like that
the reason I got it there instead of
Sephora was because Sephora only carries
the square compacts and a strawberry
nuts it comes in a little pouch you can
still get the original round compact
that says Edwards that's on there let's
sit down
yeah I like the brown compact better
it's just easier to carry and you know
it I just like the round one better so i
got it at strawberrynet what i like
about this bronzer I actually like this
better than the Sephora hot used for
different reasons this bronzer anything
that could go wrong with the bronzer
this doesn't it doesn't get muddy it
doesn't get streaky it doesn't turn
orange you're not like a big Sparkle
ball of fairy dust it's it's it's really
good it's very neutral I think it would
work with a lot of skin tones except for
maybe the darkest of skin tones probably
you wouldn't be able to see the color
I'm going to apply it to my hand with my
hourglass number to brush this is the
one I wanted to show you in the
hourglass video that I didn't have it on
me at the fun and show you my hand
before
very light it's powdery it's not colicky
it's not chalky like I said anything
that could be wrong with a bronzer this
is nothing wrong with it which is
surprising most bronzes on me turn
orange or it looks like mud you can see
it on my hands it's very on their very
lightly you can build it up I'm actually
going to apply it to my face so you can
see it I know I said I didn't like doing
applying makeup I just wanted to show
the swatches but I do it every day at
work people walk by my office and here i
am and I just like don't bother traces
doing a makeup alright so here we go
and you can see that difference right
start right away a bronzer this you can
do all over your face or you can you
know just do
like use it as a blush down the vision I
know where the Sun would hit always do
under your chin you get that contouring
I'll go there
now you can see it definitely did put
color into my face I didn't have any
blush on or anything when i started so i
wanted you to be able to see the color
there is a little bit of a difference
and like i said it's very light you can
just keep working it in go darker
you can tell us Parker I have this video
set on HD the first two videos I did
they weren't on HD so hopefully this one
comes out better I tried to fix the
lighting so you could see the colors
more true I don't know if it's working
or not but there it is again and I
really like this bronzer um like I said
I got this one at strawberry net it was
$36 at strawberry net and it's point 30
ounces when you get at sephora is $45
and that's even less product its point
25 so you get a tiny bit more but I like
the round compact way better than the
square so this color I forgot to tell
you the color those two colors this
color is daydream this is the lighter of
the color there's two available i forget
what the other one's name is but it's
very good for pale complexions you could
be pretty pale and you can use this and
not turn orange so I really like it this
is on my top 10 list I was never really
big into bronzers until maybe last year
but this is definitely the best that I
have found so far and like I said
sephora.com it's new to sephora calm but
you can also look up look it up on the
edward best website or strawberrynet.com
and that's about it thanks